# jul2022
Created Thursday 01 September 2022

**things I've been up to**

09-07-2022
So I've been working on some fiddly automation bits at work. I think in general if you had to describe what most programmers do, it'd be automation. That is the job description, no?

Anyway, there's been a fair amount of learning going on over the last few months, so I think I should share some of the more generally relevant stuff that I can, if only to reinforce my own memory of it all.

Hmm. Ho. I'm terrible at this. Normally I can do structured instruction fine, but there's a tendency I have to miss some of the more trivial bits, so, whoever's reading this, I hope you're good at putting shit together if there's a page missing from the instructions packet.

Or maybe not. I don't know. Maybe I should give this some thought before I go ahead and write this out. What really is programming supposed to accomplish? Ideally, whatever it is the programmer desires. Does it always do so? Yes, because a programmer learns to curb their desires with time and enough footguns going off.


29-07-2022
I've been rethinking what I want my internet presence to sum up to. I mean, not internet presence per se, but more like, what am I putting on the internet in the way someone would put things in their backyard if they lived in a large enough home? You wouldn't call that a "backyard presence" (at least I wouldn't).

Anyway, so yeah. I spent a lot of time thinking about that this weekend. I'm still thinking about it, only not as intensely as yesterday

The motivation for this musing and corresponding suffering comes from stuff I've come across lately like these:

Winnie Lim's Website
Wesley Aptekar-Cassels' Website and the blogs and other links with it.
#TODO add more later.
But yeah, anyway, that's the idea. I'm working on something at the moment but it's not particularly clear in my head right now so it's best to wait for things to settle before I go on again and possibly head off on a weird tangent.
I feel like rethinking the format and all for these things should be a little more suited to a later time when I'm less sleepy and have more and clearer things to say.

But right now, I am tired. And so, Goodnight!

